This is Eric Johnson. It's February 18, 2021, and this is the engineering key review at GitLab. So I've got number four in the agenda, which is a proposal to break up this meeting into four department key reviews. So currently, this is engineering, development, quality, security, and UX. Infrastructure and support do their own key reviews already. I have the reasons why, increase visibility, able to go deeper, increase the objectivity with which my reports can manage their groups, allow me more time to focus on new markets, and allow me to shift into more of a question-asker mode than generating content and answering questions in these meetings. But to avoid adding three net new meetings to stakeholders' calendars, I propose we do a sort of two-month rotation. So month one, development, quality go. Month two, security and UX would go. How do people feel about that proposal? I think in the group conversations, it's working really well, so I'm supportive. And the smallest thing, maybe we need four meetings a month. It's the biggest department. It's super essential. But you proposed this. I could see either way, so let's stick with the proposal. Cool. We'll try it, and we can be flexible. I mean, development is larger. Maybe they get more frequently or something like that. Let's see how it goes. All right. And then I've got number five, which is we've got R&D overall MR rate, and we also have R&D wider MR rate, both as top-level KPIs for engineering. So the difference between them in the simplest sense is that R&D wider MR rate includes both community contributions and community MRs. The problems I see with this are that one, the wider MR rate, the one that includes internal and external MRs, it duplicates the overall MR rate, which is the community. Sorry, sorry, sorry. The wider MR rate should just be external, right? And an overall should be narrow plus wider. Like we see the wider community. Yeah, I just wanted to ask the team, like, I went through all the key meeting metrics. Everything looked in line with prior periods and looked good. Is there anything the team wants to call out, lists that we should be watching? Yeah, I'll call out stuff. So the good news is in Q4, we had our smallest decline over several quarters. So we only went down by a tenth of a point. The quarter previous was 0.6 or six tenths of a point, and the quarter before that was a full point. So we see this as an improvement, even though it was still a decline, but it's still a decline. Obviously, we want this actually tracking.